[MUSIC]
>> Scott Moss: Let's talk about
the asterisked stuff, right.
Let's do some iterations here.
So we'll do a URL and we'll do LI and
just some basic numbers.
So we'll use star.
Why do you say star?
Do people say asterisk?
I just star, right?
Star, okay, star ng 4 equals,
and we'll just stay num
of nums.
So the reason they did of, and not in like
they used to, is because of iterators.
Because now you can do of syntax to
iterate over things in JavaScript.
So, that's why they're doing that here.
It makes sense.
And for each one of those we're just
going to just put a noun here, Shazam.
So, now we need to go to here and
we need to initialize these bad boys.
So, we'll just say nums and
it goes in an array of 1, 2, 3.
And now, we have our
nums, all right.
So remember the other way around for
this, would be something like this.
So we have a ul ad then li.
>> Scott Moss: And
then a template.
then, NG4= num of nums.
Then num.
I think
that's it.
Maybe I got it wrong, we'll see.
>> Scott Moss: Yeah,
I totally got it wrong.
It broke.
So, forgot what that was, let's,
look at the syntax real quick.
>> Scott Moss: Yeah,
okay, I put it on the wrong one.
It's actually like this.
Had it backwards.
So let's check that out.
Okay, it's still broke,
does not work, unexpected,
may be you just don't use
this with that any more.
Let's check it out.
No, that's not it.
Okay, we're not going to sit here and
debug this.
So just use this way because it's better,
obviously.
Any other questions?
On this stuff.
>> Speaker 2: It's
the Awesomer Asterisk Loader WebPack.
>> Scott Moss: Awesomer Asterisk Loader?
That's a thing?
>> Speaker 2: No.
>> Scott Moss: [LAUGH]
>> Speaker 2: It should be.
[LAUGH] You could solve this
with WebPack naturally.
>> Scott Moss: Probably could.
Those are some of the basic.
>> Speaker 3: Somebody's
having an issue in CAD.
Could you maybe just see if that
message means anything to you?
>> Scott Moss: There's one more
example I want to show you.
The Elvis operator.
I forgot that one, so let's do that.
Let's say H1, and
we'll just call it Elvis, name.
The way we do it is we do that.
Right, so we'll say Elvis?.name and
then now we'll come in here and
I'm gonna make Elvis be
an object with no name property.
And let's see what happens.
>> Speaker 4: Absolutely nothing.
>> Scott Moss: Nothing on the page,
no errors, what's in the DOM?
Let's check out the DOM.
>> Scott Moss: Okay, could you just go?
Thank you.
>> Scott Moss: Hm,
there's the h1, wait no nevermind,
this is not the h1.
It's just not there,
it's just not even on the page at all.
This element Never even got rendered.
So, that's pretty cool.
But now,-
>> Speaker 5: Take the operator off.
>> Scott Moss: You take the operator off.
What happened?
No errors, elements.
>> Scott Moss: Hm,
looks like no change there, actually.
Looks like the same result.
I don't know,
maybe it works differently now in Beta9.
Let's put that back and
then put a name property.
>> Scott Moss: Okay,
obviously it shows up.
But that's weird.
I was expecting it to error,
maybe it silently errored, I don't know.
Interesting, I'll look into that.